#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --find-links=https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121 --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121

accelerate==0.28.0
    # via peft
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aioprometheus[starlette]==23.12.0
    # via vllm
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   nltk
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpathlib==0.16.0
    # via weasel
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via dask
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via optimum
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
confection==0.1.4
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dask==2024.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
datasets==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
    #   optimum
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
evaluate==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via vllm
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.50.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec[http]==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.21.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
identify==2.5.35
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via dask
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.22.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.24
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.29
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
langsmith==0.1.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lightning-utilities==0.11.0
    # via torchmetrics
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via ray
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
ninja==1.11.1.1
    # via vllm
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.1.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   optimum
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
    #   vllm
    #   xformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.19.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.99
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
optimum==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.15
    # via
    #   aioprometheus
    #   langsmith
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   ray
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   seaborn
    #   vllm
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
peft==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==5.26.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   transformers
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   ipykernel
    #   peft
    #   vllm
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   vllm
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via
    #   confection
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   vllm
    #   weasel
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   dask
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   peft
    #   pre-commit
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
quantile-python==1.1
    # via aioprometheus
ray==2.10.0
    # via vllm
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ray
    #   responses
    #   spacy
    #   torchdata
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
responses==0.18.0
    # via evaluate
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentence-transformers==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   transformers
    #   vllm
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.36.3
    # via
    #   aioprometheus
    #   fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   optimum
    #   torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
thinc==8.2.3
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
torch==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchdata
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   vllm
    #   xformers
torchdata==0.7.1
    # via torchtext
torchmetrics==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchtext==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.2
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers[sentencepiece]==4.39.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optimum
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   vllm
triton==2.2.0
    # via torch
typer==0.9.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   cloudpathlib
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   torchdata
uvicorn[standard]==0.29.0
    # via vllm
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via pre-commit
vllm==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.3.4
    # via spacy
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
xformers==0.0.25
    # via vllm
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
